and started.
So, hey everybody. It is the April 22nd
regular board of finance meeting. It's
7:01. We'll get this thing the show on
the road. Start with the pledge of
allegiance. Pledge of allegiance to the
flag of the United States of America and
to the republic stands. One nation under
God, indivisible, liberty and justice
for all. Liberty and justice for all.
So that brings us to public speak. So
we've got a few members of the public
here. I'm just going to go who's on my
screen first. Linda, how you doing?
Ameritus board member.
>> All set. Just here to listen.
>> Very good. Uh Joanne also ameritus board
member.
>> Hello there. Just here to continue
listening. Thank you.
>> Very good. Thank you.
Okay. um changes, additions, deletions
to the agenda. Anybody got anything?
We have a fair bit on there, although
most of it is meeting minutes, I think.
But uh I don't I can't right now. I got
nothing. So I we'll move on unless I
hear anything from you.
Okay.
Old business uh review of budget to
actual.
Um,
I haven't had a chance. I've been heads
down in other things. So, I don't know
if anybody had a chance to look uh
through and had any commentary.
>> I skimmed through it, but I didn't see
anything that struck really struck me or
anything.
>> This anything?
>> You know, I'm trying I had this all
pulled up uh before and now I can't find
the um my packet. So, if you want to go
around and all
>> Oh, okay. Well, the the packet it's in
our emails, but it's also it's on the
website if you go to the calendar.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh I just need to go back to
the calendar. I was uh spending time
looking at Oh, you know what? This must
be it.
This is the packet. Oh, you know what?
I'm looking at the packet. I'm not
looking at the agenda. I was trying to
follow along on the agenda. Never mind.
Forget. I just got home from South
Carolina, so I'm a little
>> Oh my.
>> Welcome home.
>> Welcome back.
>> Okay.
Well,
we also have um budget actual uh sorry,
budget, sorry, check register.
>> Check register.
>> Check register. Sorry, getting mixed up.
Um,
the other thing I might mention is Lisa,
chime in at any time uh while we're
talking about this stuff. If there's
anything you want to highlight for us
that that you saw, um, I'm more than
willing to
>> I'm just running to go get my token so I
can sign into laptop in case you have
any questions on a light item. I'll be
right back in one second.
>> Okay. Do you want to share that so we
can look at together or does it not
matter?
Oh, the uh
>> budget to actuals. You want to go over
that first? Do you want to just share
that?
>> Yeah, just
>> All right, hold on.
>> Yeah,
>> sure thing.
>> It's always nice we can look at
together, especially if there is any
questions on anything that we can.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah, if we see anything that's
overexpended or
>> anything that looks wildly off, for
sure. Um
>> I don't know where it is. Oh my
goodness.
>> You see? Yeah.
>> Oh no. Um find it. And I I know I took
it when I left the office.
>> Um Oh, you know what? I know where it
is. I think it's out.
>> Well, let me know if you have any
questions. Then I can go back to it.
>> Can you enlarge that a little bit? Um
I'm sorry, Rob. I'm asking a lot
tonight.
>> Hang on. Let me see if I can get it in
such a way that
>> it stays on the screen. Is that good?
>> Yeah.
>> Yep. Um,
>> this will be more updated. I just paid
um multiple to bills that I could not
get to that weren't paid in February and
March. Um, so now they're all up to date
up to the last week. So there'll be more
expenditures because people are sp
starting to spend their end of year
money.
>> Did we expect to be overbudget in um the
registars salaries this year?
There's it it's difficult to explain.
Wally has come in a couple of times when
the C the auditors give us audit entries
and the CPAs I guess would be Cheryl
last year. The end of the year you do a
payroll acral and then you reverse it um
July 1st when the year starts and it
doesn't look like she reversed it. So
that's a possibility. The other thing is
the other day I was in payroll and I
they have an election line and then they
have the registar line and they have a
training line. So I'm wondering if
something didn't go in the right line.
So I mean it's possible that maybe
>> yeah I've got to take a look at it. Yeah
cuz Wall-Ally mentioned it to me already
too.
>> We might have talked about that last
month too that it's starting to ring
some bells. I could be crazy. I don't
know. Well, I think we said because
there was the early voting and I know
he's looking for help with the early
voting grant. Um, so I don't know if
something is there too if that's held
separately in like the the uh the grant
funds.
So I I haven't had a chance to get
there, but um it looked okay except for
that first acrruel entry. So it could be
that just needs to be reversed as of
July 1.
So,
>> so I was looking at the revenue here.
Um,
and it's just a couple things are just
interesting. So, it looks like we've
brought in a lot of clerk's fees, but
also looking at the transfer station, it
looks like way way lower than what you'd
expect, but I don't know if we just
>> Yeah, we talked about that before, too.
And there was a thought that the trash
bags were being the income from that was
being placed in the clerk line, but I'm
I I went over that with um the assistant
clerk and and they collect a lot of of
um
a lot of income in there of different
kinds. So, I'm not sure if that's in the
right place. Also, I don't know if
people are paying for trash bags there
or do they pay for those at the transfer
station?
>> I haven't used transfer station in in
years, but I don't recall that being a
thing.
>> I use the stickers. Is it the stickers?
>> Stickers. Stickers for sure. And those
uh correct me if I'm wrong, but I think
those track the uh fiscal year, right?
So, come July, you need a new sticker.
>> June. Yeah. End of June. Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> There's our
>> people are coming in for him already.
Yeah.
>> Hi, Matt.
>> Do I have to let him in or is he already
in? All right.
>> He's in.
>> Okay. Sorry with the screen screen
share. I'm uh I don't see everything. Um
okay. Well, that's
>> must be the stickers because we don't
use bags, Lisa.
>> Yeah, that I'm probably thinking Salem,
but I know people are coming in looking
already, so it must be the stickers
they're looking for.
>> Yeah. It's interesting cuz, you know,
some of these it if you look at the the
bottom line, you know, we're at 75%. All
right, that makes sense. It's just the
individual lines look kind of wacky. Uh,
which is why I asked.
So,
>> specifically the clerk fees and the
transfer station lines. There's just
one's way up and one's way down and it
makes you think.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah, I agree. I'll try and look into
it.
>> Okay.
I'd be surprised if people were going in
and paying for their sticker early, but
yeah, could be.
>> You wouldn't believe how many people
have come and asked for them because my
office is right there and they're asking
already.
>> So, I haven't been to the dump in a bit,
but usually they do have I'll go this
weekend. Usually, they do post a sign
and just warn people. And I don't know
if that signs up, but last year I think
I got mine in end of May or early June.
>> Yeah. They're just not in yet. Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> I usually get mine in like June 30th.
right on the button
>> right to the end.
>> So the other thing that that strikes me
as a little odd here is the AES line. I
mean my recollection was that we dole
out there budgeted 10 equal payments
over 10 months.
>> Can you bring that line up? I don't see
it.
>> Yeah. Where you here?
>> There.
>> Oh, I see. Okay.
>> Okay. 28%
1.2 2 million out of four and a half
given where we are in the year that
>> no yeah don't be right that big huge
>> February okay so this was there's
possibly two more payments made it is
done every month um and I know it's gone
I know it's gone up since February
because I know I paid one already um I
paid the one for March
>> this is February 28th statement so
>> um
>> okay I I I just I just asked because I I
my recollection is it's 10 10 equal
payments. You know, there's two months a
year we don't give them a payment and um
>> Well, I thought there was a big payment
that they got for the July and August.
No,
>> I thought payments.
>> I think I think I think for ease it was
10 equal payments, but that's something
they worked out with
>> Eric years ago.
>> Yeah, I think there's only April left
for them to get. So, this has definitely
been updated more than this.
>> Okay. I would hope so.
>> Yep. Yep.
>> No, I know it. I just wish I think my
token is out in my I my code thing for
my laptop is out in my cup holder in my
car
>> because I can't get in and look at it,
but I know it's more than that.
>> Okay.
>> You know,
>> um All right. Sorry. I don't want to go
too far here. Does anybody have
questions? And we we already asked the
question about the um
well we we sorry we have the um the
assistant town clerk salary. I think
we've talked about that before.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> Um
>> do we also give out RAM in in 10 monthly
installments as well?
>> Yes.
>> Is it 10? Okay. I couldn't remember if
it was 10 or 12.
>> I have this schedule in my office and
I'm pretty sure theirs is 10 off also. I
think they're similar. Yes.
>> That looks more on track. Y
>> that this is why when I saw these
numbers I thought one should not be
wildly different than the other,
>> right?
>> There's something off there.
>> Uh so please do look into it when you
have a chance. So
>> yeah, I will
>> I mean let me put it this way. If this
was the real number, we'd have been the
board of be screaming at us because
they'd be out.
>> That's right.
>> Exactly.
>> Just the end, you know. All right. So
does um looking down here, town
apartments, administrator, treasurer,
clerk, everything. Um is there anything
in here that anybody wants to ask about?
I mean the only one that pops out is
assistant town clerk seller and we've
talked about that I think.
>> Shall I move on?
>> Okay.
>> Then there's the registars. Liz, you
asked about that.
Everything else?
>> Yeah, it looks
>> okay to me. Um,
yeah. Okay. So, I'm going to keep going
down a little bit. Building department.
Sorry. Uh, library looks fine.
Hopefully, we're
keeping them in
>> Yeah, I just made payments to the
library and to the fire commission. So,
they've gotten their two payments. So,
>> okay.
Um, it looks like I mean, unless I'm
wrong here, we we might end up with a
little bit of an underspend here. It's
not a lot of money. It's just, you know,
that'd be nice because I don't see any
training being used or
supplies.
Uh, community center
wages director. I I think I I think I
know the answer to that one. Yep. Yeah.
>> Uh,
town office building
looking pretty good.
>> Pretty good.
>> Office supplies are a little over.
>> Yeah, we're worried about paper and
toner, but till the end of the year,
that's
>> because we printed all the stuff for the
town meeting. It's our fault.
>> Oops.
Uh
>> there's a couple lines we can probably,
you know, move around.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay. Uh
advertising. Somehow we're slightly
over. Okay. I assume that's basically
putting stuff in the River East.
>> Yeah, it's for zoning and for meetings
and things like that.
>> All right. We'll have to
We'll see how that goes next year. But,
you know, maybe maybe that next next
budget cycle we to look at whether
6,000's enough. Uh, okay.
>> All of this uh unemployment
compensation.
>> Yeah, it seems a little high.
>> I Well, I mean, I don't know if we have
people who left that are we, you know,
that more people that we expected that
are getting unemployment. Um, no. No,
this is us paying in, right? This isn't
us paying out. That's right. The state
pays it out.
>> So then why is that above
>> um Well, it's interesting that you say
that because I'm trying to work on
payroll and see um unemployment can be
paid in two ways to prepare if we do
have unemployed people. And one is to
pay it as it comes, which is what I'm
used to, or you can pay as the year
goes. Um and I'm not sure. I'm trying to
read through the payroll and I don't
know if it's being done properly or not.
So, I haven't decided that yet. But
>> let's put a pin in that then come back
to it
>> to be continued. Lisa, when you get more
information for us, we'll we'll talk
about it again, I guess,
>> in the year 2028.
>> Let's go for 27. Come on.
>> All right. Um Okay. Okay.
>> As long as I can hire somebody. I've got
three interviews. I was going to let you
all know that I have three interview
three people coming in on on Friday
>> for assistant treasurer. Great.
>> Yes. Yes. Yep.
>> Good. Good. Maybe we'll finally be, you
know, staffed up.
>> Staffed up. Yes.
>> Hopefully.
>> We got We got Matt here. We have a full
staff in that building there.
>> Um,
>> good. So, I can go to the Cape then. So,
that's what I was.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, town garage. This is be the testing
is because we have some new people,
right?
>> Um
>> because that's way it's way up there.
Yeah.
>> No, that again that is something that I
was trying to work out with previous
staff and I think there's something in
there that's not supposed to be in
there.
>> Okay.
>> So, I think it's going to come way down
um when I get that established.
>> But of course, if if it's something that
was valid and just put in the wrong
place going somewhere else,
>> right? But there's money in the other
place. So,
>> right. No, I hear you. Yeah, let's let's
figure that one out, too. That's
>> So, it should be fine.
>> Seems a little little
>> if if I can interject. I think that we
we had seen something that was a medical
payment that was put in there. So, I'm
not quite sure. Uh I know Lisa
>> No, I think it was um it was I don't
know if it was a medical payment. I
think it was a
dues of some kind to CCM. And I don't
know why it was in there because we pay
them like to print things for us too
because they're a better price.
>> So I'm not sure why um it was put in
there, but it was a pretty considerable
amount, but I'll take another look at
it.
>> Okay.
>> I I just realized Matt was here. I
didn't see that he was here.
>> I was I was going to pause at an
opportune moment and pause.
>> Let's pause.
>> We can pause now. Welcome, Matt. It was
It's good to meet you.
>> Yes.
>> Hello, finance committee.
Hi Matt. Hi Matt.
>> Uh week two here and uh it's good to
meet you and I guess we got some uh
>> we got a lot of things on our plates
here, but uh yeah, get rolling up my
sleeves and uh I look forward to working
with you. I've met some of you that have
stopped in to see me. Everybody's
welcome. I have an open door and uh
>> like uh Lisa said, we're going to be
doing a few interviews uh on Friday. So,
we'll hope we have some more information
for you as we get closer to uh the
referendum and hopefully things go the
way they always go.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, that'll be good.
>> We're excited to have you.
>> I hope to get in there and meet you in
person when I have a chance. Maybe on
one of my on a Monday or a Wednesday
when I'm working from home. Maybe I can
pop in um and say, "Hey." But uh
>> anytime.
>> It's good to have you on. Uh thank you.
It's been it's been a bit
>> since we've uh had the support
>> that we need.
>> So, uh we're going to let you get your
feet wet before we start beating you up.
>> Okay.
>> He's been here two weeks. It's time.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Two weeks.
>> Learn the whole town of Andover in two
weeks. No problem. Um sure.
>> Uh why do we do things the way that we
do them? Well, that's a research
project. Yeah, I think I got about two
hours. So, I think it's time.
>> All right. Right.
>> Um, so do we wanna we want to polish
this off, guys? We just get through this
document. Um, I don't see
>> I'm just slowly scrolling.
>> I'm sorry. I had said that was February,
too. The months are just moving by me.
That's March. So,
>> this is March. Yeah,
>> which again brings me back to the a the
AES number cannot be right. Okay.
>> Yeah. So, um,
>> so the temp PW salary is up there.
>> 315.
>> Yeah,
>> that one jumps out.
>> Is there something wrong there?
>> I want to say, did we have somebody? I'm
not sure. Is that where um Jay was while
he stayed and helped with Eric?
>> Maybe he work time to help get Eric up
to speed.
>> Yeah, I think so. I think that's what
that is. Okay.
I'll check.
>> I'm pretty sure it is.
>> Um because yeah, that one pops out. Uh
>> all we're looking Okay,
>> the membership thing. What's the 844%.
>> Uh yeah, we budgeted 75 bucks and spent
633.
Yeah.
>> Um I think I think that was I wonder if
that's where the tree warden training
went
because the tree wing uh tree tree
warden training um was um I want to say
$500 maybe something. It it was high and
I don't know why it didn't go in
>> training. See if they have training.
Yeah,
>> because it was a training budget but I
don't see a training line.
>> I don't either.
I knew one up above um earlier and
I thought there was one in another area
where it showed training but maybe
>> Yeah, but it might not be training for
public works is the issue. Um they may
it may have been an issue where we don't
have a great line to stick this in, so
we'll put it under membership,
>> right? Yeah.
>> Yeah, I'll check.
>> Okay. Snow removal OT. I don't think
anybody's surprised there.
We uh we'd gotten lucky for a few years
and didn't this year. It is what it is.
>> Mhm. Um
everything else here looks reasonably
good. In fact, low if anything.
Uh given where we are in the year, some
of these are looking pretty good.
office supplies. Resident trooper. Guess
he needed some stuff.
>> Uh,
>> well over double budget.
>> Got to crack the whip.
>> Uh, yeah, that 150 bucks. Well, I don't
know. I'm I'm just assuming that's in
the right place. Um,
okay. Everything else here, there's
another one here. This is office
supplies as well under fire marshall.
Everybody's office supply seems to be in
every department.
>> I don't know. Something happened with
paper this year.
>> That or ink? Because ink is very
expensive. I don't know if they got
printers.
Yeah.
>> I was shocked. I had to buy,
>> you know, this is one of these things
where we're budgeting 50 bucks a year
and if we if
Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Um,
>> so what are program senior citizens?
>> What is that?
That's
I'm trying to remember that's not
associated with the community center,
right? This is something else.
>> I we've talked about this. Um
>> yeah, it was in um Tess gave a whole
list of everything that they do. They do
the lunches. Well, the lunches is
separate, but they do
>> right
>> all kinds of programs. I don't know if
Tess is on tonight or not, but um
>> she did send us some information when we
were doing the budget, the different
programs they have. I don't know if it's
crafts. I don't know if it's yoga. I
don't know what it is.
>> But wouldn't that be under the senior
center stuff?
>> You mean a community center?
>> Yeah,
>> community center.
>> I don't know. I I don't know. You'd have
to stick with Tess. Um
>> I know we talked about it last month.
>> Yeah.
>> It's over. It's not egregiously over,
but
And they also have they have the L
accounts, but I I haven't had time to
get to those because now I'm trying to
do all the payroll and all the payables
until we fill this position. So, they
may have money to cover that in their um
their L account, also their fundraising
account. I'm not
I I They call them L accounts, but I
just I've never had L accounts, so
that's what they're called.
>> I don't know what that means.
>> Yeah.
Um, veterans committee
overage.
Don't know what that is.
>> Where are you?
>> I'm sorry. I don't see it.
>> Lords and commissions under selectman
veterans committee.
>> Oh.
>> Oh, under selectman.
>> Yeah, I've scrolled down a bit because
there was wasn't a lot going on.
>> You think it has anything to do there's
no there's no like 250th celebration
this year, right? We're not doing
anything like that.
or I don't know. That's a good question
actually.
>> Unless they took something somebody took
something for Memorial Day and put it in
there. I don't know. I'd have to look.
But I don't think so because we have a
Memorial Day line too, right? In recreck
department,
>> don't we have No, right there. Memorial
Day down there. Maybe. I don't know.
There's that's there, but um
>> I don't know
because I don't remember putting
anything in the vets committee. So, it
might have been before I came, but I can
take a look at it.
>> Yeah. I mean, it's 250 or so over. 275
over.
>> Um, conservation commission membership.
I mean, that just looks like a
membership fee that went up. We might
have to adjust that number going
forward.
Um,
zoning legal professional. I think we
talked about this. We We have some legal
issues.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> I'll try and email you answers. That way
you guys have it.
>> That'd be great.
>> Super.
>> All right. Are we going to go through
the check register as well? I like this
the same way sharing screen and
scrolling down.
>> Scroll up fairly quickly and just see if
anything jumps out.
>> Sure.
>> I looked at a little earlier, but I
didn't really see anything crazy.
>> I just want
>> quick. It's only three pages anyway.
>> Most of these are individual people. Um,
>> most of it is payroll actually.
>> Payroll.
>> Hopefully when when and if I can get to
a payroll company, you won't have all
those names on there. That's not how I
would do it at all.
>> Right.
All right. Meeting minutes, folks. Um,
I've been behind. I haven't had a chance
to sit down and and go through these.
There's a lot of them.
Have any of you manage to get through
them?
>> I went through them tonight.
Um,
the only thing I didn't go through is I
noticed there was a note somewhere
and I think it's in our agenda.
>> Oh, about the meeting that didn't get
recorded.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Other than that, um, so I
did look at them. There's a couple that
I had some comments on. Otherwise,
I don't know how other people feel about
them. She'll just vote on them and
approve them. Um, if anybody else has
had a chance to look at
>> I looked at them, but I'm not like you,
Liz. I can't I don't see those little
tiny I think I read too fast or
something. I I don't see those little
things.
>> Those things Well, some things just kind
of jumped out at me. They're they're
just little things and I'm like, "Oh,
>> I looked through them, but I didn't I
didn't get through all of them. I saw a
couple little things, but nothing big."
>> You know how when you read things are
supposed to be read a certain way? We
used to do this at work and if you read
through it, you know what it's supposed
to say.
>> Yeah.
>> So, you kind of like you look right
through it and you don't I think that's
what happens to me because I don't
>> Yes, I'm right there with the word.
>> I'll read I'll read right over the typo.
>> Yeah,
>> you're right.
>> Every time.
>> Okay. So, do you want me to just go show
you the couple that I
>> Give me a date and I'll scroll to it.
>> Yep. So, the meeting minutes for 4:22.
>> Wait,
>> that's today.
>> This is today.
>> Today?
>> Oh, I'm sorry. 222. No,
>> she's clairvoyant.
>> I'm sorry. Let me say that again. March
24th.
>> Got it.
>> March 24th. I'm sorry.
>> No worries.
>> Uh March 24th. Let me get get to it. Um
>> 18th
24th.
>> Here we go.
>> Um page three of three.
>> Yep. Um
where the reccomission section at 453
that last sentence that says
a certain dollar amount to 3560.
>> Oh
>> yeah 36,785.
>> Oh that's got to be there's got to be an
extra num digit in there.
>> Yes.
>> And I don't Oh you found that one.
>> Yeah.
>> And I don't remember uh like I didn't go
back to find out what the original was.
I said
look and find out what the original was,
>> right? Whether the six or the seven is
off. And of course, we changed this
again later, didn't we?
>> We did. Last time we took a little more
money away from them
>> to pay for the software that
>> Yeah.
>> Uh what you call it needs
>> for the for the for the MV uh DMV
lookups.
>> Yes.
>> So
that's why not supposed to include
pennies. That usually ends up doing that
or you know that no number is a problem.
So we should
If you brought up the budget, we could
eas
>> Why don't we hold this one out and deal
with it next time?
We We'll punt on this one unless we get
the right I mean, you don't I don't have
the right number ready to hand. So,
>> you know what? I might be able to find
the budget.
>> I say I probably have it, but I don't
have it with me.
>> It's got to be in there. Actually, you
know what? Because we cut it, so we can
take what we Yeah.
>> Feel like it was 356 bucks. something
like that.
>> Well, it was
>> it was just for that software.
>> Well, no, no, no. So, this is the first
cut, though. We're looking for
>> I'd have to go back and find my budget
spreadsheet. I I probably have it.
>> I'm sure I am.
>> I'm sharing my screen right now. So, if
I'm like monkeying around looking for
that,
>> but I I should have a budget spreadsheet
for 324 um that reflects that. Let me
Let me Let me see if I have it.
>> Yeah, I'm looking too. Oh, that's not
it.
Okay, let's see.
>> 45
2019. No, that's not going to help us.
>> Oh, I think I found it. 45
>> Oh, 453
453.
>> I have March 11th. So, I'll go back and
look there.
>> I have March 24th.
It was it was from
rec commission. Rec commission
line.
>> What line?
>> It's three. It was originally $3,560.
>> Yes, that's it.
>> That's what we That's what we switched
to.
>> That's what we cut it to.
>> The request was
>> Oh, darn it. I need to go back further.
This is
>> 3785 right there.
>> This is my 318 spreadsheet. Apparently,
I updated it again. Ah, okay. I'd have
to find an older one.
>> Oh, here. The 11th. I've got the 11th.
>> That's what I was going to say. That's
where I was going. The 11th.
>> Yeah. Hang on. Ardon.
>> Uh,
budget request 3,785.
>> It was in the last one, too. I was
trying to tell you. It was in the last
budget.
>> Sorry.
>> 37.85. But no one's listening to me.
>> No. No, we
>> as usual.
>> So, it's the six that's wrong.
>> Yeah,
>> that has to come out.
>> Y
>> that was the only thing I found on that
page. Um
>> Okay,
>> I mean in that in that month. Did
Heather did you see anything else?
>> Heather's muted.
>> Sorry. No, I didn't see anything else
there on that one. Oh,
>> should we
>> should we vote on that one while we have
No,
>> we can do a quick motion to just fix
that
>> mo motion to fix it. I'll make the
motion that we fix the
>> March
>> from March of what? March 24th
>> um
>> properly reflect the community garden
cut from 37.85 85 from from what reads
is 3675 to be corrected to 3785.
>> I'll second that.
>> Great.
All right. Uh, no discussion is
necessary, I believe. Um, I vote yes.
Bill,
>> yes.
>> Heather,
>> Liz,
>> yes.
>> Louise,
>> Kim,
>> yes. There you are. Sorry, I'm scrolling
through my
>> Did you get Nick?
>> Nick?
>> Nope.
>> But yes.
>> Yes. Okay. 70. Thank you. Uh when I have
the screen share up, I have this little
limited screen and it's screwing me up.
Apologies.
>> All right.
>> So, can I make a motion to accept uh the
these meeting minutes for this for March
24th?
>> Yes. That's what I was going to say.
>> Oh, you want to just accept?
>> Yeah, right now. Let's do it.
>> Okay. Sure.
>> And I'll second.
>> Second. You seconded it, Bill. Okay.
Yes. So, Liz motions. Bill seconds.
>> All right. Very good. I'm gonna go
around this time. Nick, you go first.
>> You can't. He's chewing. I did. Sorry,
you caught me. Uh, yes. I'm saying yes.
>> Hey, Kim.
>> Yes.
>> Hi there.
>> Liz.
>> Yes.
>> Louise.
>> This is for all of them.
>> No, this is for this one. Just March.
March 24th.
>> Okay. Okay. Yes. Louise. Okay. Uh Liz,
>> yes.
>> Bill,
>> Me, yes. 70. Okay.
>> Very good. Do we have Liz, did you have
anything else? You said you had a
couple. So,
>> yeah. On March 25th, March 25th, page
two of four. It's just a word.
>> Uh uh on the line 305-912,
>> tree removal fund.
>> Yes. It says um the third line down tree
removal to should be prevent outages not
present outages.
>> Oh yes.
>> I make a motion to change the word
present to prevent.
>> I'll second that.
>> Okay. Louise seconds it. Very good.
I'll go we'll go around.
Um,
Nick, you're not chewing at the moment,
so go ahead.
>> No, I'm going to say yes.
>> Okay, Heather,
>> yes.
>> Kim,
>> Louise,
>> yes.
>> Liz,
>> Bill,
>> yes.
>> Me, yes. I think that's everyone.
>> I make the motion that we Oh, is there
any changes? Just I was just going to
say is that clear enough for you, Rob,
for you to be able to point to that
or I guess for whomever is reading this
to I guess they should be able to
understand that page.
>> You you gave the literal you gave the
page and you gave the uh Yeah, I think I
think it's all pretty clear there.
>> Yeah. Okay, cool.
>> I vote
>> Okay.
>> to uh accept the minutes as amended.
>> The March 25th
>> for March 25th. You move that. Okay. Do
I have a second?
>> I'll second it.
>> Great.
Okay. Let's go around. Heather,
>> yes.
>> Liz,
>> Louise,
>> yes.
>> Kim,
>> Heather, no, you did it already. Sorry.
Bill,
>> yes.
>> Okay. Who do I miss?
>> Nick, yes.
>> Nick, yes. And me? Yes. Everybody?
Okay. Sorry again. I when I have you all
up on my screen, it's easier. Okay. So,
that's the 25th. Did you have uh further
notes of typos or whatever? Uh Liz,
>> no, I didn't. That's all I had. Yeah.
>> So, we have There were some other
minutes in here, older minutes. Uh do we
want to do a
>> batch?
>> A bulk batch here. Uh let me take a
look. Hold on.
>> Yeah, I mean I read them all. I went
through them all.
Um,
I know last year we had a situation like
this where we had a bunch of them
>> and Mark Mark had said, you know, we
could just bulk approve them all and if
anybody goes back later and finds
something, we could always make a motion
to update them if we needed to.
>> Yep.
>> Um,
>> so we have um we just approved two,
right?
>> Yep.
>> Right.
>> And then we have all these other ones. I
make the motion that we approve the bulk
>> of the minutes beginning with January
28th through uh
>> March all the rest haven't been amended
>> right it's it's 128 through it's January
28th February 18th February 25th
February 25th is two sorry
>> yeah because that's March 4th March 11th
March 18th and then April 1st and April
Second.
>> There you go.
>> I'll second.
>> You'll second that, Kim. Okay. Thank
you.
>> You're welcome.
>> So, the only the only discussion I have
about this is that I noticed that
there's a there's a typo in this agenda
>> where
>> 22525 the regular meeting minutes. I
just so I don't know if
>> I mean it's just O2 like I don't know if
it's a typo. Oh.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, that's the
Okay.
Well, we're approving 25. We're
approving February 25th, 26.
>> I'm not going to worry about the agenda
itself. I think we get the the right
motion, though.
>> Yeah.
>> All right,
let's uh let's go around the horn. Uh,
Bill,
>> yes.
>> Liz,
>> Louise,
>> yes.
>> Kim,
>> Heather,
>> yes.
Nick.
>> Yes.
>> Me? Yes.
>> Huzzah.
>> Now, we kind of skipped
new business success.
>> We got into looking at the minutes and
and kind of jumped over. So, I'm just
going to back up.
>> The problem I have with this one, you
know, this was my screw- up and I, you
know, apologies again for not hitting
the record button properly. um is now
I'm awfully fuzzy in terms of recreating
that meeting. Uh what we have for the
public record of what we did on on March
25th
um the special budget meeting. I think
that was the like the first hour,
>> right?
>> I think you had a bunch of first a bunch
of select board on
>> and you know it was a bit of a joint
meeting. Y
>> and I remember
some discussions about where we were on
the town administrator hiring uh a
couple of the things and that's an I
swear my memory is shot because we had
so many meetings. So to the extent that
other members of the board have better
memories and can remember more about
what we did there anything we can get
Kate I guess would make sense. My
recollection is as I've just stated, I
remember we had multiple members. I I
remember we definitely had Jeff and we
uh Magguire and we definitely had um
>> Annmeth
I don't think Ann participated you know
had a lot to say during that meeting and
we had um
>> Jeff Murray was I think too
>> our former our former town clerk uh
>> um
>> Carol
>> Carol thank you. Why was I blanking?
Carol, Carol talked a little bit again
when we got to the issue of where are we
on
town admin search. I remember that being
a a bit of the discussion, but that's
that's where my memory taps out.
I don't know that we took much action in
that meeting like in terms of what we
did to the budget. We might have had one
vote. That's what I can't remember is
towards the end if we adjusted something
and that would be the most important
thing if anybody can remember.
>> So are you looking for people to send
notes over?
>> If you do if you have anything by all
means circulate you know this is what I
remember happening in that first hour.
Remember we got the second one.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't think there was any motions made
or passed. I have I have one I have this
one little memory bill that we did tweak
something in that meeting.
>> Well, we did tweak that garden one that
we just corrected, right? We
>> No, I mean in that first hour though in
the first hour. Yeah. I have a memory
and it's not a great memory cuz clearly
if I had it clearer I'd be telling you
that we we voted on one thing in the
unrecorded session. That's what I can't
remember. Uh, so if anybody else does,
that would be awesome. Uh, if not, we're
just going to have to say egg on my
face.
>> We could always ask those select people.
We could always check in with the select
men.
>> That's true. We could ask Carol and and
and Jeff if they were again, lots of
meetings have taken place, but
>> I keep I sometimes keep um the budgets.
I don't know if I kept that far back and
I mark every budget what you guys change
so I can go and see if there's something
in there. My document for that night
would probably be, you know, it would
reflect everything we did,
>> including the stuff that got recorded.
>> So, I was I was sort of like, I don't
know if it's going to help me. So, but
if you've got something, Lisa, by all
means. Um,
>> I'll take a look. Yeah,
>> take a look.
>> Um,
>> does anybody does anybody recall an AHM
discussion because Ann was on?
I thought that was before the 25th.
>> I don't
>> Well, we were going to another meeting.
There was another meeting AHM AHM had
and I think we were talking about that.
I think
>> um yeah, whether that happened in that
first hour or not,
>> I don't remember exactly, but I know
because Ann was there and she
participated in that is the only thing I
can think of. Okay.
Oh, I did find some notes that I took.
>> Um, Matt, go ahead. Did you raise your
hand?
>> Yes, I did. Uh, so just putting on my uh
freedom of information hat. I would say
just, uh, if you can just come up with,
you know, put put the minutes together
as best as possible. Uh, mention that
the recording did not record properly
and that you you reconstructed them to
the best of your knowledge. I really
don't think you want to be emailing back
and forth your own personal notes that
might end up becoming public documents.
>> I see.
>> Uh if anybody wants to stop in or if you
want to have a couple members uh stop in
and talk to me or so that it's you know
that we can kind of reconstruct it. But
I wouldn't go too crazy if you don't
think any votes happened because really
as far as action minutes if unless
somebody recalls what the action was
just to say there was just that you know
the general discussions were
just my two cents.
>> Okay. The only thing I rem I have
written down here that I don't know if
this happened with a vote. It said trans
multiuse building zero out that fund for
this for this year. Would that have been
something we voted on or M
>> that might have been the vote that I'm
talking about. Um because you know I
know we talked that might have been the
meeting where I
>> asked the select board, hey guys, if we
zero if we don't load money into that
fund this year, is that going to hurt?
Is that going to stop us from doing
something that you have planned? And the
answer was no.
>> That might have been that very well may
have been the thing we did. I just
wanted to look
>> that could have been. So that meeting
that was the 25th, right? So here's the
>> That was the 25th. That was the 1 hour
special.
>> Yeah. I'm just um
>> seeing if it's in the other 25th meeting
notes
>> and that was on a trans
>> Oh, bingo. See, it's not in here.
>> Yeah, it's not in here.
>> So that might indeed be that that I
think was the vote that that we're
missing.
>> Can we go to that line item in the
budget or
What the matter?
>> We voted we voted to defund. How much
did we vote to defund? What did we vote?
>> Oh, it was 50,000 I think.
>> Oh, it was 50,000. Okay.
>> Pretty sure in just verify that we
didn't
>> I'm pretty sure in past years what it
was was we were putting 50,000 a year
into that fund and I raised the question
because there was a pretty healthy
balance in there if if this year we
needed to add another 50 and we
ultimately did. I know we cut it to
zero.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
>> if we could just verify that on the
budget and your notes, we'd be all set.
>> Oh, I I mean I I have zero doubt that we
we did it. It's just a question of was
that when we did it, you know, in that
in that first hour that did get
recorded, and I think that's right.
>> I think it is.
>> Kim, did you have did do you have notes
indicating a vote for that?
>> Not right now. I have to look back. And
the other thing is Kim, you were I can't
remember. Did you come in midstream that
meeting that early that six o'clock
hour?
>> I think I came in Yeah.
>> Yeah. A little late,
>> like 6:30ish or something. But we didn't
take I think the the vote that we we're
talking about happened after you joined
>> and I I don't recall any nos. I I recall
it being ultimately
unanimous, but uh
>> yeah, that was the last thing that was
the last note on on the page. So, I've
got notes like in the beginning we
talked uh got we got the sermon numbers.
Kate reminded us of the state law
capping the mill rate on autos to that
32.6.
Um and we would need to split out the
mill rates. We talked about seven people
with a stipend at 7,262.
Six people with insurance 239,000.
Uh medical and dental, family insurance,
$35 a year per family. Uh contingency is
not a fund per se.
Scott mentioned we need mentioned we
used to get monthly reports on the town
a road fund.
Can I interrupt you for just a minute,
Liz? Joanne has her hand up. She might
have something to remember. Can we
>> She probably has notes. Fine. Yeah,
>> she takes notes. I good.
>> Well, go ahead, Joan. What do you got?
>> You recognize Joan?
>> I'm sorry. I really didn't. I mean, I
have lots of thoughts, but thank you.
>> Oh, your hands up.
>> Oh, everything that that meeting is
important because you guys discussed a
lot of stuff at that meeting. So, this
is great that you're recreating it.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Well,
>> so these are notes that I have. They're
not real specific other than the last
note that said the trans multi-use
building zero out that fund for this
year.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I think that is the most important
thing. And then those other I know it's
going to be just quick bullets of
discussion. I mean,
>> yeah,
>> I like the detailed minutes are great,
but if we can just recreate in a in a
simple form, um
>> that that's better than nothing.
>> Sure.
>> Yep. And again I I recall rec discussing
status of um town admin search.
>> Yep.
>> With the the select board.
>> Town admin search. Yeah. At this meeting
>> because we kind of harped on them about
getting it done. Remember?
>> Yes, I do remember because at the time
we you know things were not progressing
>> right.
>> Luckily that's all resolved now. Okay.
So,
that looks like we've got, you know, 1 2
3 4 five bullet points, one vote.
Um,
let's see if we can put that together.
And, um,
>> we'll have it for next time.
>> Get it over to Kate,
>> right? And we can vote on it.
>> I owe her a couple emails. I got I
should do that. And I also I want to
send her a thing with the corrected
slide from the budget uh the budget
meeting where I had the percentage wrong
on on one of the slides and and put a
little blurb in there. I was going to
have her post that.
>> So I'll I'll try to send her a couple
emails.
>> You want me to type these notes up and
send them over to Matt
>> to me or to Kate directly? I I'm cool
with it. That'd be great.
>> I just want everybody's ideas together
like Matt was saying. We don't want them
to go all over the place. That's all.
>> Yeah.
>> So, if anybody has any other ideas,
>> recollections or notes, could you send
them to me, maybe?
>> I mean, yeah, I've I've got I've given
you what I've got. If anybody else has
more email, you know, send them over to
Liz.
>> I think we got
>> I'll look I'll look for mine, too.
They're in the other room, so I'll look.
>> Okay, great.
>> And we can act on it next meeting. We
can
>> vote on it.
>> Try to take Yeah, try to take action on
that. Exactly. Um. Oops. Whoopsy
daisies. Sorry, guys. Um, God,
I am I have too many windows open.
Okay, we did that.
Leaison reports. I don't have anything
for CIP this month.
Uh though I I hope to I hope we're next
month uh we'll have something
interesting to talk about but this this
month I got nothing. Does anybody else
have any liaison reports to bring before
the board?
>> Okay hearing none. We already dealt with
approval of meeting minutes. Uh so
that's sorted and that leaves uh board
open discussion.
Um,
so I'll I'll open it up if if people
have things they want to talk about. I
don't personally have anything at the
moment. I've sort of gone through what
I've got.
Did we discuss
what came in that email?
>> Sorry, what?
>> Um, I'm trying to remember. Did we
discuss
what?
>> Oh, that one
>> email from from
>> board of ed
>> or the or the fine for the tax the
employment
>> fine. Yes, that's what I want to talk
about. The fine. Thank you.
>> Yes. Yeah, that letter the fine. That is
>> there's something else.
>> Who called?
>> I was surprised and and I haven't had a
chance to call them. I don't know um
when they said the inquiry that you sent
and I'm like I didn't send an inquiry so
I don't know where that inquiry came
from. So I have to call them and find
out. It's hard because I can't find a
lot of things in the office. So um I
don't have much to go on but um yeah I
was surprised.
>> Okay. Well, I guess on the bright side,
>> what was the email?
>> It's not a huge It's not a huge hit.
>> No.
>> What was the uh Oh, I see it now. I see
it now. I see it. It's It's the payroll
tax memo.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. So, it was like $1,300 or 1,600 or
something like that.
>> 1400.
>> 1400. Yeah.
>> And penalty,
>> right? And that was from
>> March of 25. Yeah.
>> March. That's why I want it. That's why
I want a payroll company. That's all.
>> That's why we need ADP.
>> Yes.
>> You're still working on that, right?
>> I am. I am. I'm trying to connect. I had
I talked to somebody before the budget
and Salem actually just went to them.
So, I'm trying to connect with the HR
person that I hired for me there. Um, so
I can get because she said theirs went
very smoothly. So, they just did it in
July and she said it was great. So, I'm
I'm hoping I can do that. So,
>> I think it's a great idea, Lisa.
>> Yeah. I I just think it's
>> all straightened out, it's it'll be
great for the town. I think
>> Yeah, I think so, too. And and
everybody, you know, someone said
something about, well, you know, if you
people do it through your phone, and I
said, but you know, that's the way of
the world now. It's like, you know,
everybody I know, they input their time.
There's there's there's guards and
everything to make sure people are at
work when they're putting that in their
in their phone. And if they're really
uncomfortable, they can do a time sheet
until they get used to it if that makes
them feel better. I don't have a problem
with that at all. I did that in Salem.
But after people got it, they could go
in there, check their time off that they
have left. They could apply, put in for
their time off, and then their
supervisor gets it, and then that
supervisor approves it. So I don't have
to worry about because their supervisor
has seen it. So I I just think it's and
the taxes are just FMLA. You've got the
PTO stuff, the FMLA stuff. They're up on
that. That That's why you pay them. You
know, it's hard for me just supposed to
be there one day a week and the other
person with so much on her plate to keep
up with the laws, payroll laws. So, let
them worry about the payroll laws.
That's just how I feel about it. So,
>> now would this be for the entire town,
including the school, or would this just
be the municipality?
Uh just the town as far I don't know
what they use. I'm not sure what they
use. I don't I'm pretty sure I mean is
it they still have is it Edmunds they
still have.
>> Yeah.
>> So I don't know if there's a payroll
through that or if they have somebody
else.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> We'd have to ask Jody.
>> They had they had ADP and and the school
had their own and it was ADP. We had
Prime Pay. Um, but we went to ADP
because Prime Pay was not easy after
they lost your They took away a
dedicated person for every week and you
had to reexplain stuff over and over and
they couldn't.
>> This is This is your experience at
Salem, you mean?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Sorry. I just want to be clear for the
folks watching the meeting or whatever,
you know, Lisa sometimes talks about her
experience in Salem and it's not we we
being Salem in that instance.
>> No. Right.
>> Um, so yeah. Um, okay.
>> That all makes sense.
keep us updated. Uh unfortunate that we
have a fine.
>> Yep.
>> Uh okay. So
yeah, sorry. Continuing on board open
discussion. Is there is there anything
further that we want to discuss or
should we move on
in the agenda? I would love to have a
short meeting but if you've got
something bring it up.
>> I have a question.
>> Yeah. Go ahead, please.
>> I was wondering if we have any type of
strategy if the
uh referendum comes back as a no.
Is there something that we should talk
about beforehand or is that something we
want to wait and talk about later?
Speaking for myself, um it would depend,
my strategy, my personal take and what I
would argue for front of the board would
depend on what the numbers are and what
the advisory question numbers are. If
it's a very close vote and a narrow
failure, that pushes me one way. If it's
a overwhelming result, that pushes me
another way. So, I I don't know. I don't
want to I can't really second guess it
until I see the numbers. I mean last
year as you may recall we had um we had
a failure. It was like 5545 or something
along those lines. It was it was a
defeat but not like a total landslide.
And so we made a moderate cut. Whereas
if if this year it comes back it
bifurcates and there's like a a really
clear signal that we should do something
then uh I'll roll with that. It it
really depends on what the public does.
So, I I'll tell you, I mean, I don't
know if I I'm I don't know about
progress, you know, projecting what the
public's going to do. I have my own gut
feeling on what's going to happen, but I
don't know that we can really game it
out unless and until. So, I'd say for
myself, I I don't have a clear game plan
until I I know what the results of the
referendum are. That's my two cents.
>> I think that makes sense.
I mean we we do the board did have you
know we're sort of on the record of
recommending you know 7.5 increase for
the school you know if if it comes back
as a as a it's voted down it's
bifurcated and we have to look at the
school budget again uh in that in that
context you know maybe that's where the
the discussion starts I don't know that
was that was one of the things we did in
the past as you recall so
>> does anybody else Any thoughts on that?
>> Um, I mean, I kind of I kind of agree.
We got to see what the um
uh what are the rules or the questions
called again? The
>> the advisory questions.
>> The advisory questions how they um how
they come out.
>> That's right.
>> Matt,
Matt, did you uh have something you
wanted to add to our discussion?
>> Yeah. Is there any uh discussion about
setting up a special meeting like once
you know for afterwards you could always
cancel it if you if it passes but if on
thea occasion that
>> so let me look at the um
>> yeah I think I think we already have a
>> look at the calendar here for a second
Matt but I I hope we already actually
would have
>> I know we did
>> let me go
to the
Well,
budget referendums May 5th.
We do not on the calendar right now.
>> Oh, I thought
>> have a board of finance meeting is
there's nothing on the 6th, which is the
Wednesday following.
>> I thought it was Thursday.
>> Tuesday referendum. I know we I I know
we discussed it and I could have sworn I
saw a note come from Kate. I think it
was.
>> I thought so, too.
>> I know. I saw a note from Kate saying
she was going to schedule the dates that
we discussed.
>> I know I did. I I remember discussing
Kate.
>> She did a really nice outline of what
could potentially happen. Yeah, she
really did.
>> Yeah. And she had all the dates and
everything how that would fall.
>> Was very clear.
>> Well, is that email there? Maybe we
should vote on it. Vote on getting that
on the calendar. Maybe
>> I would say let's if it's not already,
we could we could just put it we could
just make a motion to have a special
meeting set up for 7 o'clock on May 6th.
Um I don't have it in my phone. I tried
to put all of our voted on, you know,
meetings in my calendar. I don't see it
and it's not on the town calendar. So,
my suggestion would be why don't we have
a have a vote on setting up a special
meeting? We can always
um
not have it or or literally start it and
adjourn it if if there's nothing to talk
about if the budget passes.
>> I I have it on my calendar for May 6th.
I don't know why 7.
>> For some reason, I don't have it on
mine, but that's fair enough, guys.
Little
>> Well, I don't know if that's right, but
>> I have written down May 6th.
>> I have it on May 6th. Yeah. I feel like
the the easy way to do this is to say to
the extent that it's not already
uh we hadn't already done this uh we
want to make sure that we have a meeting
scheduled uh that week. Now the thing
about cancelling a meeting is in order
to cancel a meeting we have a certain
time frame. Um
>> but wouldn't this be a special meeting?
>> This would be a special so I guess we
cancel anytime. Yeah. All right. So,
that would be my take is to let's make
absolutely sure that we've got a May 6th
meeting on the agenda on the calendar uh
because it's just not on the town
calendar at the moment
>> starting at seven. Wait, hang on one
second.
>> Wait, we'll go ahead.
>> Can I um I have the me the the email
from Kate. Mhm.
>> It says, "Per the town charter, if the
budget fails, the board of finance will
have one week
until the town meeting 512 and 2 weeks
until the next referendum. This leaves
only one Wednesday to prepare a revised
budget. The subsequent town meeting will
be for presentation and discussion only.
No changes will be made. This process
will re will repeat. Board of Fines will
have one week until the next town
meeting.
>> It's got to be the sixth. It's got to be
the sixth.
>> Okay. So So Okay. I just Okay. So I plan
to schedule a special budget meeting for
May 6th. Unless there are significant
conflicts. Please let me know as soon as
possible if that date raises any major
issues. So it's good.
>> It's already It should already be
scheduled. I guess we just
>> maybe just want to confirm it. I I'll
send her an email. Yeah.
>> Um and just say, "Hey,
>> confirm."
>> Uh
>> All right. I'll send her an email. Uh
>> but I go for So I don't think we need a
vote. She's already planning on that.
Okay.
>> Matt, you earned your pay for the week
already.
>> There you go. Good
>> call. Yeah. The the charter makes this
very very tight. Um so we have we have
that we basically have
>> those, you know, the Wednesday and the
Thursday and then we're out of time.
Perfect.
>> That's that. Okay. Um, very good. Thank
you for that.
>> Uh, let's see.
So, uh, any further board discussion?
Uh,
okay. I think the next thing on the
agenda, which I'm out of now because I
was looking at the town calendar, was
uh, correspondence.
>> Oh, correspondence. I'm sorry.
Um, there was a lot of emails. I don't
know if I've caught up on all of them. I
got way behind.
Okay.
Well, if if we don't have anything to
discuss there at at this time, we can
always come back to it. Um, and I'm
running out of steam. So, do we have is
there anything else on there is or is it
just a
>> No, it goes to community uh speak.
>> Oh, public speak. Sorry. Correct. We do
two rounds. That's right. My fault. Um
All right. Well, well, let's let's do
that then real quick. Um
>> I think it's just Joanne.
>> Joanne, I think it's the only one left
trying to unmute. I'm just going to say
a couple quick things that were brought
up, you know, in the course of listening
to all of you. Um first of all, glad to
see Matt Strereer there. Welcome again.
And and and to that point, um if you are
recreating the minutes to that very
important meeting where a lot of stuff
happened, I think it is important that
you do put a little thing in there that
there was much discussion on you all
asking about the process and what was
going on and that Bill and I were both,
you know, we had served on the committee
um to interview and all of that. So I
think it's really important that you
know we were much in favor of bringing
an experienced and qualified person
forward for that position. You know
we've got to you know represent what
really happens at meetings and and that
was clear and true. Um the other thing
you guys had all talked about which me
in all my years on board of finance I
had never heard the term L account until
this year. So, I'm glad you're all
becoming aware of it because it sounds
like it's an account where the community
center and I'm only from listening to
all the meetings and hearing the info,
you know, that people have talked about
these L accounts like Lisa said, sounds
like the community center and maybe the
wreck department when they had lunches
or perhaps registrations or things of
that nature, they might have collected
funds and put them in those accounts.
So, that would be interesting for you to
learn about because I don't know where
that money is represented. Maybe they
have a little budget where they spend
there. Um the other thing that I just
wanted to bring up that um kind of
concerned me during your whole process
and and it's something that's easy to
fix, but another woman, another resident
had brought it up in a town meeting
talking about you all being able to look
at and I'm sure you do because we had in
the past like just with all the new
hires being happening, you know, the the
ex the salaries that are being given
given out to new town employees and if
especially if they're a union employee
that that union position salary is being
represented correctly on your
spreadsheet or wherever you get to look
at that. That was just a concern because
I know you guys all had made a few
changes this year where you kept a few
things in line items so these salaries
kind of got bigger. I'm I'm sure you
know. So, if you put little notes in the
spreadsheet where you had maybe added
that $5,000
stipen that the former assistant
treasurer received, you put that in
another line. I'm just concerned that
without the right documentation. You
just want to make sure that's correct.
That's all. That's my only concern is
because every year you might give a
raise to that particular salary. So, you
make sure you're representing the right
salary. That's all. Um, thank you for
your time.
>> Thanks, Joanne.
>> Okay. And then, um, you know, not
exactly a member of the public, but
Matt, did you have anything further you
want to add?
>> Um, nothing today, but, uh, as I get
into things, I'm sure I'll be able to
give you more information. So,
>> Oh, definitely. I mean, as we go
forward, once people settle in,
hopefully we pass a budget. Once we get
through that, we'll wanna, I think, as a
board, think about
what we want Matt to come to us with,
you know, in a given meeting. You know,
at one point I want to sit down and talk
about a capital plan. Um, you know, and
we're not there, this isn't the time to
do it, but,
you know, when we look at our capital
funds again, we get our audit back and
that's all finalized, especially, you
know, when we start to think about next
the following budget. Uh, I I really
want to tighten up and figure out what
we've got for capital needs coming down
the pike. We want to talk about those
bridges and culverts and all of that.
I'm sure uh that'll be something we can
get to over the the months where we're
usually not frenetic uh in the new
fiscal year. So, but for now, just
welcome.
>> Thank you.
>> It's great to have you.
And maybe we can give Matt, I'm sure he
can find an example of what Eric used to
present us with as far as the admin
report.
>> Town administrator report. Yeah.
>> We always opened our meeting with the
town administrator report, Matt. So, and
that would Eric tell us like what's
going on with the bridges and culverts
and you know,
>> I mean,
>> this project, that project on Zoom, I
can go back and look probably, right?
>> Eric Eric answered almost every question
we had about the budget. Matt, it was
fantastic.
>> It was amazing. So, next year you're
going to be in the house. just give us a
>> We've also had Lisa helping, so we're
not going to discount that. Lisa's done
an awesome job.
>> Right. We
>> You can have it. You can have it, Matt.
You can have it.
>> The uh
>> She really has. She really has.
>> Yeah, there were town administrator
reports. So, that's that's actually
something that I need to probably
mention to Kate again once we get back
to regular meetings through the budget
um to add that line back in town
administrator's report because it just
gave Eric would take whatever it was 10
minutes and run us through okay
basically in the last month this is this
is what's been going on in town. This is
what we did. We we we started chip
sealing this road. We did this bridge
work etc. And you know, it just gave us
the perspective of kept us kept us up to
speed basically.
>> And if there was anything,
>> we spend the taxpayer money.
>> Yeah.
>> And the grand usually had good
explanations for
>> any of those line items that we looked
at tonight that we they were high or
low, he could always say, "Oh, this is
why that is that or this is why that's
low." He always knew why a number was
out of whack. He could always give us
some kind of explanation.
>> I'll be focusing on that, too.
>> So,
>> good. Good. Yeah. Oh, yeah. And and and
of course grant stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> That was another thing, you know. Oh, we
got a grant for this. You know, we're
going to be able to use it and you know,
planning on doing that in the spring or
whatever. So, that that's always good
stuff to have.
>> Right.
>> Well, all right. Well, well, we'll give
you we'll give you a chance to get your
feet wet.
>> Thank you.
>> All right. I think that is we're at the
point where someone can motion to
adjurnn.
>> Bill motions to adjurnn.
>> I'll second it.
>> All right. Bill motions. Kim seconds.
Let's go around. Uh Liz.
Liz.
>> Yes.
>> Oh, okay. Thank you. I didn't see it.
Louise,
>> yes.
>> Heather,
>> Nick,
>> yes.
>> Kim,
>> Bill,
>> yes.
>> And I too am a yes. We will adjourn.
Thanks everybody and we will see you
soon. Hopefully not too soon, but well,
we'll take our chances.
>> And again, anybody can stop in at any
time to see me.
>> Oh, I'll try to.